hi in this video I have again a Disney
Store diecast update for you hot run
mater
and Fabrizia with metallic finish okay
let's start with hot rod mater Eve has a
flat black paint job and features red
and white decal stripes all over
by the way he has the same body like
drag star mater or lightning mater from
the Disney Store next we have here for
breed Co unlike the Mattel version he
has here metallic paint job and his eyes
are easier to see
his license plate reads Tigre
you can see both the Mattel and Disney
Store versions beside each other hot run
mater is four and a half inches long two
and a half inches wide and two inches
tall
Fabricio is four inches long a bit over
one and a half inches wide and one inch
tall
bye-bye and thank you for watching